This is lot 97, three lots before the folios.
At $16,000 against you, sir.
At $16,000.
We are left.
At $16,000 for $16,000.
And down for his men.
At $17,000 in the aisle.
At $18,000 in the back.
At $18,000 against you.
$19,000.
$20,000 now.
$21,000.
$22,000.
At $22,000 in the back of the room.
At $22,000 for $22,000.
We are left.
$22,000.
$105,000.
Number 98 now.
$300 for it.
$300 I have.
$400 now.
$400 for it.
That's $450.
$450.
$500.
$600 now.
$700.
$800.
$900.
$1,000.
$1,100.
$1,200.
$1,500.
$1,400.
$1,600.
$1,800.
$1,900.
$2,000 now.
$2,100 I have on the right.
That's $2,001 against you at the back.
That's $2,100 now.
Would you say two?
I have $2,100 on the right side.
Down it goes and $2,100 right side.
$2,157.
Block number 99 now.
and $50,000 to start it.
I have $50,000 for 50 and 5, $55,000 in front at $60,000, $65,000, $70,000, $75,000, $80,000, $85,000, $90,000, $95,000 now.
I have $95,000 for 95 against the room now.
At $95,000, $100,000 now, at $100,000.
I have $100,000 on the right side now, at $100,000.
I have $100,000 for $100,000.
If it is right side, at $100,000 down, it goes then at $100,000.
For the right, it's 57 for 100.
Lot number 100 and after you said that.
$500,000 started.
I have $500,000 for it.
$500,000.
$550,000 now.
$600,000.
I have $600,000 for it.
$600,000 up front here.
$600,000.
I have $600,000 for it.
I have $750,000 now.
$800,000 on the phone.
$850,000.
I have $850,000 now.
I have $850,000 on the right side.
$900,000.
$950,000.
$1 million on the right.
$1,050,000 is here.
$1,001 at the back.
$1,150,000.
I have $1,150,000 at the desk now.
$1,002,000.
$1,250,000.
$1,003,000.
$1,350,000.
One million four, one million four fifty.
One million five, one million five fifty.
One million five fifty is institute.
One million six, one million six hundred and fifty.
One million six hundred and fifty thousand now.
1,750,000.
1,800,000.
Thank you.
I have 1,800,000.
See that?
That's $1,000,000.
Look at this.
That's $1,900,000 now on the aisle in the center of the room.
That's $1,900,000 all done.
George, $1,900,000.
Whoo!
What's the number?
Lot 101 now.
There's an announcement on this lot.
There is some dispute about this binding.
Some of these fields, but the weight of opinion indicates that the binding is contemporary with the book.
All right.
No change yet.
$35,000 to start it.
I have $35,000 for $35,000.
$45,000.
$40,000 now.
We saw three stories in boys.
The person who left the Shakespeare's was Jim Cummings, a New York dealer.
$40,000 now.
$45,000 on the right.
At 45, $50,000 now.
I have $50,000 forward 50.
At $50,000 forward 50, $50,000.
I have $50,000, $55,000 on the right side.
At 55, $60,000 now.
At $60,000 forward 60, it's $60,000.
I have $60,000 forward 60, it's $60,000 now.
At $60,000 forward 60, it's $60,000 now.
At $60,000 forward 60, it's $60,000.
At $60,000 forward 60, and down it goes then at 60.
The last letter on the line, 113, 9.05 p.m., November 9th, 1989.
It's starting off.
80,000, number 57, 130.
...books and manuscripts have been told to be subject to the conditions of sale and returns of guarantee which appear in the front part of the catalog.
I told you to call your attention.
30% buyer's premium payable on all purchases.
And I remind you that any sales taxes which apply applies the full purchase price, which includes the buyer's premium.
For all lots in this sale, payment to Sotheby's will be due and not to accept the prior to January 3, 1990.
No lot will be released to a purchaser prior to the payment on January 3, 1990 unless specific credit arrangements concerning the lot are made directly with Sotheby's.
That's as stated in the catalog.
There is one other announcement here.
The copyright on the lot 222, the Nijinsky diary remains with the Nijinsky estate.
And the auctioneer may open bidding on any lot by placing bid on behalf of the seller.
The auctioneer may further bid on behalf of the seller, up to the amount of the reserve by placing success for consecutive bid on all by placing bid in response to the other bidders.
Thank you for your patience and going through all of that.
And now we can get on with you all.
First block is 114.
114 is with carbon.
And I have $3,000 strong, $3,500, $4,000.
Now at $4,000, it comes to all of you, $500, $5,000.
$500, $6,000.
$6,000, $500 on the right.
$6,500.
$7,000 now.
$7,000 against you, sir.
$7,000.
It's on the right side now.
On the phone, it's $7,500 near me.
Not too big.
At $7,500, $8,000 for a phone.
$8,000.
I have $8,000, $500.
Now on my left, $8,500.
I have $8,500 for it.
$9,000 for a phone.
Now at $9,000.
I have $9,000 for a time.
Now $500.
That's the best.
$9,500.
I have $9,500 for it against you.
This is $10,000 now.
$10,000.
Now say $11,000.
I have $10,000 now for it.
$10,000, four sides, now $10,000, down to the center, $10,000, four sides of the room, all done, debt, $10,000.
Now lot number 115 up.
I have $3,000 for it.
I have $3,500 now.
$3,500.
$4,500 on my left now.
$4,500.
I have $4,500 left aisle now.
I have $5,000 on the phone now.
$5,500 on the aisle now.
$5,500.
I have $5,000, $6,000.
$6,500 on the aisle.
$6,500.
I have $7,000 now.
$7,500 at $7,500 now for it.
at $7,500 now, $7,000, $8,000, $500, $8,500 now, on the left aisle at $85,000, $9,500, that's $9,500 now, $9,500, say $10,000, $7,000, $11,000, say $12,000, $12,000, $13,000 now, $13,000, $13,000, $14,000, that's $14,000, if it's on the phone now, that's $14,000, at the best, it goes then, $14,000.
I have a 9164.
164 now, and I have $10,000 more, I have $10,000 more, $10,000, $11,000, $12,000, $13,000, $14,000, $15,000, $15,000, $17,000 over here, $17,000, $18,000, $19,000, $20,000, $21,000, $22,000, $23,000, $4,000, $5,000, $6,000, $6,000, $7,000, $8,000, $30,000, $325,000, $35,000.
35 on my left, 37,5, 40,000, 42,5, 45,000, 47,5, that's 47,500 now, that's 47,500 on the right now, that's 50,000, that's 50,000 dollars, 52,500, that's 52,500, that's 52,500, that's 52,500, that's 52,500, that's 57,500.
And $57,500 will get to the rear.
The description in the catalog is stately described as present a place, quote, a line image, unquote, which is not, in fact, in this book and would ever tend to be a part of this book.
About 165 is the number.
And $150,000 started now.
$150,000 for $150,000.
$160,000 for that.
$160,000 for $160,000.
$160,000 for $170,000.
$180,000.
$90,000.
$200,000.
$10,000.
$20,000.
$30,000.
$40,000.
$50,000.
$60,000.
$70,000.
$80,000.
$90,000.
$300,000.
10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 60, 90, 40, 10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 50, 50, 75, 75, 75, 75, 75, 75, 75,
$775,000.
$700,000.
$700,000 a year now.
$725,000.
$750,000.
$775,000.
$800,000.
$25,000.
$850,000.
$875,000.
$900,000.
$900,000 is still near me now.
$925,000.
$950,000.
$1,000,000.
You choose, on the right, at $1,200,000, working at the right side, at $1,200,000, on the right side of the room, at $1,200,000, all done, at $1,200,000.
You go, $1,200,000.
Coming up on lot 180 after this one, this is 179 now.
I have this on because the estimate on this 180 is 200 to 300 and if any lot at all has a chance to go under a thousand dollars, this is the one.
Lock number 180 is next.
180 in fact that I have $200, $400, $400, $400, $300, $400, $500, $600, $600, $600, $600, $700, $700, $700, $800, $50, $900, $50, $1,100, $1,200, $1,200, $1,500, $1,500
That was the one and only chance, I think.
It was $1,000 overestimate.
$11,000, $15,000 now.
At $13,14, standing in the back of $14,000.
I have $14,000 for $14,000.
It's right here now.
At $14,000 down, it's $14,000 for $15,000.
Hmm.
$16,000 standing at $16,000, $17,000, $18,000, $19,000, $20,000.
About 202, about 202.
$270,000 for $270,000.
$280,000.
$290,000.
$300,000.
$320,000.
$330,000.
$340,000.
$350,000.
$360,000.
At $360,000 now.
At $360,000 for $360,000, say $70,000.
At $360,000.
At $360,000 for $360,000.
At $370,000.
At $380,000.
At $380,000 now.
At $380,000 for $380,000.
At $380,000.
That's for now about 203.
The first one, whenever they go way below, that's the first one they're really disappointed.
I have $3,000, $43,000, $3,000 now.
I have $3,000, $43,000, $3,000, $3,250, $3,500.
Yeah, that's been on 202, $500,000, $600,000.
I have $4,250 now.
That's $4,250, and down goes on $4,250, up front.
204 now.
And 1,000, I have 1,100, 1,200, 1,500, 1,400, 1,500, 1,500, 1,500, 1,500, 1,700.
$1,700, $1,700, you don't want to sell $1,800.
On the left here, they're $1,900.
$2,000, $2,100, $2,200, $3,400, $500, $6,700, $2,800, $2,900, $3,000, $3,250, $2,500.
$3,500.
On the left, $3,750.
At the back first, $4,000 in front.
I have four, $4,250.
$4,500, $4,750, $4,750 on the right side, $5,000, $6,250, $6,500, $5,500 again, $2,700, $5,750, $6,000, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250, $6,250
Lot number 205 and $1,500 Florida.
I have $1,600, $1,700 now.
$1,700.
At $1,700, $1,800 in the back.
$1,800 real left.
At $1,800.
$1,800 in the back.
$1,900 on the right.
$2,000 I have.
$2,100 now.
$2,200.
$300.
$2,300 off the right side.
At $2,300 in 2003.
Right side of the room.
$2,400.
$2,500.
$2,600.
$2,700.
$2,800.
$2,900
last jordan six five hundred dollars forward i have six hundred seven eight hundred dollars in front we're at eight at eight hundred dollars forty eight hundred dollars up front now at eight i have eight hundred dollars four eight hundred and down it goes then at eight hundred dollars today up front nine hundred dollars and a thousand dollars at a thousand dollars the order of eight thousand thousand dollars the absence of this not your day at a thousand dollars for one thousand all done then one thousand dollars against the room with a thousand dollars
Sold for $1,000.
207 now.
The number of eggs in this case, and I have $500, $600 now.
It's $600.
I have $600 for $600.
$600 now.
I have $600, $650 now.
$650.
I have $650, $700.
Near me, it's $750.
I have 750 on the right now.
750 and down the curve.
I have 800 over here.
50.
That ain't 50.
900.
See?
950.
$1,000.
I have $1,000.
Gentlemen sit now.
$1,000 and down the curve.
I have $1,000.
On my left of the aisle, $1,000.
Rolls $1,000.
Number 127.
Plug number 208.
And I have $300 for it, $400, $500 in front.
$500 against the room, $5, $50, $600, $700, $800, $900.
On the right now is $900.
$900 on the right side is $900.
Wow.
That's the first item to go under $1,000.
Block 209.
That's $300 for it.
I have $50, $400 to get through.
Forward.
$400 up front here is four.
I have $400 for it.
Forward this front.
Go over the order for four.
Wow.
It's slowing down a little bit.
lot number 210 15 000 i have 16 17 18 19 000 i have 21 000 22 000 on the right at 22 000 422 22 000 three in the back at 23 4 5 26 27 at 28 000
I have $29,000.
$30,000 I have.
I have $30,000 on the right side.
$31,000.
$32,000.
Over here, $33,000.
$34,000.
$35,000.
$36,000.
$37,000.
$38,000.
$39,000.
$40,000.
$42,500.
Front.
$45,000.
$47,500.
at forty seven thousand five hundred dollars on the right side at forty seven thousand five hundred dollars at forty seven thousand five hundred dollars
$211 now.
$10,000, I have $11, $12,000.
$15,000, $14,000.
$15,000 now.
It's been 16, standing, 16.
I have 16, 17,000 now.
$18,000 back.
$19,000, $20,000, $21,000, $22,000 back.
$23,000 on the right.
$23,000.
That's $24,000.
$25,000, $26,000, $27,000.
See?
$28,000.
$29,000.
$30,000.
$32,500 now.
On the right side.
At $32,000 to $35,000 to back.
At $35,000 to rear now.
At $35,000.
Not sure of here.
At $35,000 to his right rear.
At $35,000 and down and down at $35,000.
One, two, one, $35,000.
Block number 212.
$50,000 for it and $5.
I have $55,000 now.
$60,000 for it.
$65,000 now.
I have $65,000 for it.
$65,000.
$70,000.
$75,000.
$80,000.
$85,000 now.
$90,000 on the right now.
$90,000.
I have $90,000 right side now at $90,000.
That's $90,000 for it.
$90,000.
Go about that.
$90,000 on the right side of the room at $90,000.
$35,000.
$213,000.
$50,000 for it.
$60,000.
I have $70,000 now.
$70,000 for it.
$80,000 now.
$85,000 for it.
I have $85,000 for it.
$85,000 now.
$90,000.
That's $85,000 for $85,000.
That's $85,000.
That's $95,000 for $95,000.
That's $95,000 for $95,000 for $95,000.
That's $95,000.
Block number 214.
That's $1,500 for it, that's $1,600, $1,100 now, $2,000, $2,100 now, $2,200 on the aisle, that's $2,200 for it, $2,200 now, $2,300, $2,400, $2,500, $2,85 against you, that's $2,600, $2,700, $2,800.
$2,800, $2,800, $2,900, on the phone, $2,900, $3,000 now, $3,000, $3,000, $3,250, $3,500, $3,500, $3,500, $3,750, $4,000 now, $4,000 on the aisle, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000 on the right aisle, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000 on the right aisle, $4,000, $4,000.
The lock is number 215 and $350 forward, $400 I have.
I have $400 forward, $400 against the room, now at $450, $500, $50, $600.
That's $600 forward, $600.
It's up front, the order is now.
$600 is down because I have $600 against the room.
Hold the same.
Lot number 2, 1, 6.
And $200 for it, I have $250, $300 now, it's free.
That's $300, $50.
On the left, there's $400 on the right.
$50, $500, $50, $600, $50.
$650 on the left side.
$650 for it, $650.
And downstairs, that is $650 if it's left.
$650, number 3, $650.
Thank you.
Lot number 217, and I have $2,000 for $2,250, $2,500.
Now $2,500, $750, $3,000.
I have $3,000 for the order bid, it's free.
$3,000 against the room, now it's free.
I have $3,000 for $3,000 down, so I have $3,000 in front and against the room.
The order bid is $3,000.
Well, I have $218 up now, and I have something that's $200 to start at $200 towards $200.
$200 up front against the room is $2.
At $200 towards $200, it's $200.
All that is $200.
The order is $350.
$300 is still the order is $3.
I have $300 towards $350.
$400 in order is $400 now.
At $400, it's down to $400 in price.
It's over $400.
And the buyer now is $400.
Lot number 219 now.
$10,000 to this.
I have $11,000, $12,000.
$13,000 in front.
Here's $13,000.
I have $13,000 for $13,000.
$13,000 now.
at $13,000 towards $13,000, and down the third, $14,000 at the back of the room right now, at $14,000.
I have $14,000 for this right rear now, at $14,000.
Once you want $14,000.
Lot number, $290.
And $2,500 forward, I have $2,500, $750 now.
$3,000, almost $3,250.
I have $3,000, $370,000, $3,500.
Near me, $3,500, $7,500, $4,000, $2,500, $4,500, $7,500, $6,500, $7,000, $5,000, $8,000, $5,000.
At $85,000, $9,500, $10,000, $11,000, $12,000.
On the right, that's $12,000 now, not your bid.
That's $12,000, $13,000, $14,000 now.
Still on the right, that's $14,000 scored 14.
Fair warning, that is $14,000 bid right side.
Number 36, 14.
221 now.
$35,000 for 35.
I have $35,000 for 35.
$35,000, $40,000 now.
It's 40.
$42,500.
$45,000.
$47,500.
That's $47,500.
That's $47,500 for $50,000 now.
$52,500.
$55,000.
$55,000 on the right.
$57,500.
At $57,500 now.
I have $57,500 for it, $57,500.
At $57,500 for it, $57,500 now.
At $57,500, and down it goes then at $57,500.
$57,500.
222 now.
222 the numbers.
And I have 50,000 all-stars.